src/pages/resources/interviewing.mdx, before:

---
layout: "@layouts/MDLayout.astro"
title: Interviewing Resources
description: A compilation of resources for passing interviews!
keywords: ["behavioural interview", "system design interview", "technical interview"]

hidetoc: true
---

import Channel from "@components/Channel";


*This page focuses on **intern/grad/entry-level software engineering** for now. Hopefully, we can compile further resources for more senior roles.*

Want mock interviews? Post a *looking-for-mocks* thread in <Channel name="interviews-and-mocks" /> on Discord!


## Behavioural Interviews

Recommended resources:

- [**Tech Interview Handbook: Behavioral interview preparation**](https://www.techinterviewhandbook.org/behavioral-interview/) (Free)


## System Design Interviews

[**Tech Interview Handbook: System design interview guide for Software Engineers**](https://www.techinterviewhandbook.org/system-design/) is a great meta-resource.

Although Tech Interview Handbook covers plenty, here are some resources popular in the AusDevs community:

- [**GitHub: donnemartin / system-design-primer**](https://github.com/donnemartin/system-design-primer) (Free)
- *System Design Interview - An Insider's Guide* by Alex Xu (Non-Free Book)
- [**GitHub Gist: vasanthk / System Design.md**](https://gist.github.com/vasanthk/485d1c25737e8e72759f) (Free)


## Technical Interviews

*[**Data Structures and Algorithms Resources**](/resources/data-structures-and-algorithms/) covers the computer science theory relevant for technical interviewing.*

Recommended resources:

- [**Tech Interview Handbook: Coding interview preparation**](https://www.techinterviewhandbook.org/coding-interview-prep/) (Free)

Commit message:

Added sai's blog to Interviewing Resources

src/pages/resources/interviewing.mdx, after:

---
layout: "@layouts/MDLayout.astro"
title: Interviewing Resources
description: A compilation of resources for passing interviews!
keywords: ["behavioural interview", "system design interview", "technical interview"]

hidetoc: true
---

import Channel from "@components/Channel";


*This page focuses on **intern/grad/entry-level software engineering** for now. Hopefully, we can compile further resources for more senior roles.*

Want mock interviews? Post a *looking-for-mocks* thread in <Channel name="interviews-and-mocks" /> on Discord!


## Behavioural Interviews

Recommended resources:

- [**Tech Interview Handbook: Behavioral interview preparation**](https://www.techinterviewhandbook.org/behavioral-interview/) (Free)
- *sai's thoughts:*
    - [**The Grad/Intern Playbook: Part 2 - Becoming a better candidate**](https://www.saikumarmk.com/guide-to-tech-2/) (Free)
    - **The Grad/Intern Playbook: Part 3 - Acing the Interviews**
        - [**Behavioural Interviews**](https://www.saikumarmk.com/guide-to-tech-3/#behavioural-interviews) (Free)
        - [**One-way Video Interviews (Vieple, Hirevue)**](https://www.saikumarmk.com/guide-to-tech-3/#one-way-video-interviews-vieple-hirevue) (Free)
        - [**Recruiter Call/Phone Screen**](https://www.saikumarmk.com/guide-to-tech-3/#recruiter-callphone-screen) (Free)


## System Design Interviews

[**Tech Interview Handbook: System design interview guide for Software Engineers**](https://www.techinterviewhandbook.org/system-design/) is a great meta-resource.

Although Tech Interview Handbook covers plenty, here are some resources popular in the AusDevs community:

- \*[**GitHub: donnemartin / system-design-primer**](https://github.com/donnemartin/system-design-primer) (Free)
- \***System Design Interview - An Insider's Guide** and [**ByteByteGo**](https://bytebytego.com/) by Alex Xu (Non-Free Book)
- \*[**GitHub Gist: vasanthk / System Design.md**](https://gist.github.com/vasanthk/485d1c25737e8e72759f) (Free)
- *[**sai's thoughts**](https://www.saikumarmk.com/guide-to-tech-3/#system-design-interviews)* (Free)

\**asterisk indicates a resource that is linked to by Tech Interview Handbook*


## Technical Interviews

*[**Data Structures and Algorithms Resources**](/resources/data-structures-and-algorithms/) covers the computer science theory relevant for technical interviewing.*

Recommended resources:

- [**Tech Interview Handbook: Coding interview preparation**](https://www.techinterviewhandbook.org/coding-interview-prep/) (Free)


## More Resources

Other resources that aren't covered by the sections above but may still be worth looking into:

- We've linked relevant bits and pieces to sai's *[**The Grad/Intern Playbook**](https://www.saikumarmk.com/guide-to-tech-faq/)* already, but it can be worth checking it out in full!
